and with you slayer you watch the battle of the series
master in this case, the battle takes place on
car t49 is a fifth-level battle
accordingly we are possible
put almost in the top actually
all units of the list and respectively here
we will fulfill the plastic role of pt
and see what we can do
Good to give such a nice
this standards nychku book know
Many on this card I recall that this
polar apparatus
or mannerheim line when viewed by
replay of course weird name but how
there is why they don't
and do not match I do not know shooting back
pack a quarrel unfortunately I do not break through
I 'm not sweetened here, so
I do not know noticed we did not notice it
so I will take that back he walked and
accordingly, in the meantime, our guys
went over the hill in the h8 area successfully
all merged and, accordingly, our fight
moves smoothly into the groove defense
puzzle base defense that is there and such
a worthy lesson for 100 pawns
to defend for a long time
accordingly we will try vodka
work out work out this huge
crowds of people already out of six cars that
go to our base
that's what made me catch on t1 heavy
nice tanchiki each of these so that
his armor is not so strong enough
and accordingly most cases he
extended to cheers with my bosses
here it was charged through the lips chic and 15
podkalybernyh and akathist not yet spend a
if such goals are what are possible
depart if necessary
sabers lucky failed yet
just once unscrew everything he hid it
now try not to get here 2
move a little farther fails
uncomfortable started shooting him well
almost unreal here he is finally
will decide
decided to go on and get arson it
very nice
the front rink all burned out
enemy video 3 4 is not enough
to score Michael here the communication rules
something like that i take away
great, the enemy has three cars left
we actually 185 dragged my flowers
more accurately protected the base from the invasion of male
land invaders and accordingly
the enemy put the price of only two cars
one of them is from excelsior
fifth level belt tank and t-34
or type 34 but the essence does not change as
you see
standard bugs are enough to
just wait to board at the tower and
other nice places
switches on david foursome she's so
successfully fell asleep that crammed with sin
already counted
machines 2000 Damaga it will be something nice
because u at 30 points and we filled
already 10 extra
that is, six times even repulsed
exceeded
free all own enemy
one car left and sin of course
don't go and and independent what am i
actually now and doing
an hour here's a florida base captured but still them
you know that you ride for five seconds
to finish off with a wash summarize the battle
received a mark of class master
and reward sniper from 30 shots 28
hit the target struck two thousand one hundred
damage units and destroyed five cars
the enemy is clear what is the best
result on the whole map and I hit point
he put at least all the experience
apex
by and large alone will be enough
a nice plus earned almost 40 thousand
silver clean really really
quite a bit for a standard linear machine
Level five is really good
the result of all this place Like
subscribe to our channel download our
modpack participate in our quizzes
Thanks for attention